Add content usage guidelines and clarify music licensing (#3660)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Legal/Music_Licensing/en.md

# osu! music licensing

> osu!'s music usage is dictated by its community. All game levels ([beatmaps](/wiki/Beatmaps)) are created and uploaded by community members, often using music without correctly obtained permission from relevant. We go out of our way to not advertise or profit directly from uploaded content, and the game is funded entirely by user donations. A significant portion of donations are reinvested to license music for use within osu!.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
100% of osu!'s content (generally known as "[beatmaps](/wiki/Beatmaps)" or game level) is user uploaded. Although we try to guide users to correctly obtain permission, there are often cases of uploaded music/artwork without correctly obtaining permission. 

osu! has never been about profit – we go out of our way to not advertise or profit directly from uploaded content (as to not exploit such uploaded content), but we understand that this is often not considered enough.

To do our best to support the artists that make this game what it is, any excess funds coming from user donations are reinvested in music licensing efforts. We are in the ongoing process of reaching out to artists (featured in existing user uploads and new alike) to obtain licensing and spread awareness under our "Featured Artist" program.
```

How does this sound?

The following paragraphs will also require a rewrite, but I'd suggest that we should have two sections – one for artists looking to waive usage for users (giving them an idea of how their content would be used) and then a second one titled "featured artist program" with the existing terms/contact.
